Starts on a list of external deps required for dev (#18929)
huggingface/transformers: CONTRIBUTING.md

   If you have already cloned that repo, you might need to `git pull` to get the most recent changes in the `datasets`
   library.
   

>    You may need to install some external libraries, as well, if the `pip` installation fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Depending on your OS, you might need to install some external libraries, as well, if the `pip` installation fails.
```
